# Week 1
### Done 
1. Access to Github, code and doc
2. Talked to all developers and team manager 
3. Have a basic understanding of what the team is working on

### Goal Next Week
1. Finish a ticket that update the BAR service (outside of core)
2. Add a temporary unit test to an existing one that interacts with ICEE and does the segment search.
3. Understand how the newsletter feature uses segments.

### Todo
1. Requesting peer program and code reviews - Samson
   1. Question: Set up AWS access?
   2. 
2. Go through existing tickets and look at commits
3. Take a BAR service ticket, write a plan and discuss with devs 
4. Set up 1:1 with Chris, preferbly 1:00 - 2:00 Wednesday -(Mon)
5. finish entire PR process of that ticket -(Tue, Wed)
6. Learn about unit test in Impact
7. (optinal) Test Driven Development
8. Finish unit testing -(Thu)
9. Reseach Newsletter doc and ask devs
10. Reseach segments -(Fri)

### Questions to ask
1. Why writing readme doc is reinventing the wheel XD?


# Week 2
### Done 
1. Finished first ticket
2. Getting more familiar with bar API workflow etc

### Goal Next Week
1. Learn about ICEE API
2. Learn about Kafka

### Todo
1. Get more familiarized with ticket  - BAR Orchestration: Retrieve list of partners that belong to a segment

### Questions to ask
...

# Week 3
### Done 
1. Learned a bit of my ticket
2. Learned a bit of Kafka
3. Learned a bit of ICEE, and participated a bit in Discussion

### Goal Next Week
1. Research Big Search, Kafka(topic, consumption), Google Cloud connection, Gson compression, file structure, (maybe) streaming
2. Finish Prototype of second ticket
   1. ICEE Bigsearch API call
   2. Mock a Kafka topic (or create a Kafka topic)
   3. Connect and consum the Kafka topic
   4. Connect to Google Cloud and retrieve files
   5. 


### Todo
1. Research Big Search (SearchExportRelationshipRequest, SearchExportRelationshipResponse, RelationshipController, ICEEApiObject) - Mon
2. Tech all Hands(8am) & standup meeting - Tue
3. Meet with Hans and Samson after standup - Tue
4. Finish ICEE Big Search Prototype - Tue
5. Research Kafka topic + code(BigSearchInAppKafkaConfig, ???) - Wed
6. Global 
7. Finish PXA course - Thu
8. Global Huddle & standup meeting - Thu
9. Finish Kafka Prototype - Fri
10. Find, research and finish Google Cloud Storage code

### Questions to ask
1. SearchExportRelationshipResponse: Why getter/setter instead of Lombok?
2. 

# Week 4
### Done 
1. 

### Goal Next Week
1. Figuring out querying the regular quries 
   1. Calling Big Search vs calling regular search?
2. What to get from ICEE search? We would break down segment id into ICEE filters? then we pass that and the email(contact) column
3. Receive Rsi, Impact partner ID,  ContactTypes and Email from ICEE?
4. Passing to Outreach with Rsi, Impact partner ID, ContactTypes, Email
5. Kafka + GCS

### Todo
1. 

### Questions to ask

